there was a rich millionaire man in the subject town but of course
but of course they invited him to a party of high birth
a definite party before where the people were going
of the high court is in the rich cigars of this region
arrived he procured the victim and armed to put a protocol
that they took for crazy what I eat
we were seated at the presidium table 11 at the main goal
is that to bring a product and brought it together did not bring everything
they tasted fat man
but he sat near a girl
with the one who says to try single
but he did not miss at the party 15 tell a joke
when the character goes up to each producer
the success a pawn race
there just that last year
of that but when they are in the race or one may have to face the year
when it works in press release they have all given for much more quito
also cites the jeepeta that makes arch and the DNA
of beauty
the black earth troubadour telechea t 10
it is totally rejection of Christianity
this little bit Saturday
and everything with a dead in the permanent revolt to dance people
to get out of the skin
the next day
big hell kid town in the basement
in the market
in the church, everyone, starting with the very worth highlighting the party of
salame candelas of the team but I try
it was the Christian week
nozal
and sought his home because of the shame
they sent hosni
and not to the market to buy to eat
He spent one month two months three months in four months
already going forward with the protocol request
this program without his mother does not believe me that by blush and shame I
I'm going from here
sold the house sold the land sold the van sold the region
sold everything
and that is directed by roberto hernández ávila province
maybe a new life but over there
a man with experience and money
started new accident businesses or
to smile life again
when they reach 20 years also proposes in this town
this protocol my god already spent 20 years of my life and my people
this program reaches his mother they answered me like this to die
what things happened 20 years as he wants but we are already afraid
they do not remember him
no longer remember when months after I already have it I return
sells everything procuró there mendiola Catalan of the land sold
all the properties that return but with the end of the year
when he arrives but with the people he wants to cry
At the entrance of the village the village changed with drainage drinking water
light hospital
God took care of me 20 days
the full body
and how much has also had I told him
when suddenly what they say about her
of these blacks with a lug if your daughter of maule and act
with a weight of little use
like an idol of a tanda girl with a calf my god
in this way they do not want the treasurer also to Sunday in the
fifth
he is left watching the news with a lot of chili and were treated srta
you already have I made the black born and raised
it does not say if they support a current agreement
how many years do you have to have who knows
my mom lost the birth certificate of this one but they debate of 23 because it says
my mom that when the pediatrician or horse had with him